you think you're doing if you want to
eat you have to a problem
I know it must be hard for you to have
to work all day but everyone's the same
she thank you what is it a what's the
matter child pull yourself together
ah what a relief she's come to you'll be
alright but you'd better rest for a
while I will draw and carry the water
for you but yes my work is the water
carrier listen whether you're the water
carry or the server or the cook they all
take care of each other around here like
we're all one family
I'll be glad to draw the order you'd
better serve His Majesty
oh yes the king why am i standing here
when there's work to be done
stay right where you are and rest my
dear yes but really it's no trouble I'm
so grateful thank you all
well you've got a big appetite today and
I'm glad to see yes I'm also hungry also
if I don't eat properly beforehand my
work in the kitchen becomes a lot harder
than I had imagined yes it's hard work
and tomorrow will be even harder you
know King bristle beards wedding
ceremony is tomorrow morning my dearest
getting married tonight
well you're quite full of energy aren't
you promise that you'll work hard funny
because poor especially busy today yes
sir come and clean the upstairs hole it
needs a good mopping all right
isn't it ever so beautiful my son wish I
could be a part of this look at all the
beautiful gowns
that's my life as it was not anymore
grasshopper I watched a superior amusing
look your prism fear reminds me of a
bird peak it was my foolish pride that
brought me to this nice day
I've got my resume
but at least I've learned how to earn my
keep with hard work
oh my are you two working here today no
I'm here for the wedding ceremony do you
mean to tell me that you are one of the
invited guests no little princess the
ceremony is for us huh will you be my
queen you'd make me very happy
really
Elena I wanted to marry you for the
first time I saw you that is why I
dressed myself in this costume and of
course I had already asked your father
for his consent and the soldier who
trampled your flattery at the market
that was me too I did it all on purpose
hoping it would open your eyes to the
foolishness of your pride I'm so very
ashamed of my past
not good enough to be the wife of such a
worthy King because of your experience
you have indeed become a better person
let's forget the past and now let the
joyous celebration of our royal wedding
begin
will you give me your hand in marriage
Elena